Scheduler Timeline Demo: Update Description (#33190)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Scheduler/Timelines/description.md

> Timeline views display appointments as a sequence on a horizontal scale. The DevExtreme [Scheduler](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Overview/) ships with four [timeline views](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/#Timeline_Views):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Timeline view displays an appointment sequence on a horizontal scale. The DevExtreme [Scheduler](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Overview/) ships with four [timeline views](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/#Timeline_Views):
```

- Timeline Day
- Timeline Week
- Timeline Work Week
- Timeline Month

This demo allows you to switch between these views using the [View Switcher](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/View_Switcher/) toolbar item.
<!--split-->

This demo implements grouping by resource to separate low and high priority tasks. For additional information, refer to the following technical demo: [Scheduler - Grouping by Resources](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Scheduler/GroupingByResources/).

> This demo also allows you to configure the Scheduler's appointment snapping capability. You can choose to snap only short appointments to the grid (less than two cells in duration), or enable/disable this capability for all appointments. For additional information, see [snapToCellsMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#snapToCellsMode).

Reviewer: Every paragraph starts with "This demo ...". And the demo "allows, shows, and also allows". Even the verbs repeat so you need to use "also". One way out of it is to somehow change the second sentence and break the sequence. Or you can introduce a list. You do list things that people need to try or review in the demo: 

```suggestion
This demo allows you to try/review the following Scheduler capabilities: 

- Switch between Timeline view types using the [View Switcher](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/View_Switcher/) toolbar item.
- Enable "Snap to Grid" capability for all appointments or short appointments only (shorter than two cells in duration). For additional information, see [snapToCellsMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#snapToCellsMode).
- Note how the Scheduler groups appointment by resource to separate low and high priority tasks. For additional information, refer to the following technical demo: [Scheduler - Grouping by Resources](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Scheduler/GroupingByResources/).
```

But I'm not sure what this means: `<!--split-->`. Let me know if my changes break something.

Author: This split tag marks the point at which the demo's iframe is to be inserted on our site. Essentially, everything before this tag will be placed above the demo container, while everything else will be below.
